# Microservice Architecture
I find microservice architecture to be quite interesting and more efficient than macroservice architecture. As we've discussed in class before, it allows teams to find and fix errors quickly, easily allows new team members to get up to speed, and is simply quicker due to the fact that the entire application doesn't have to be updated. As I read through the article though, I found new benefits in using microservice architecture (or forgot about them), but some notable examples include being able to use a variety of technologies and languages, and being able to continue running in the face of an outage and following said outage, recover quickly. 

If huge companies such as Amazon, Twitter, and Coca-Cola adopt MSA, then I believe that other, smaller companies will follow in their footsteps. I also believe that in the near (or far) future, people will continue to simplify MSA and make it easier to adopt over time. I don't think it will beat Macroservice architecture any time soon, but it could have a chance of doing so in the far future. 

However, I did take note of the possible issues that may arise and the requirements to transition to microservice architecture smoothly. Such challenges include simply changing to something new, having a high skill ceiling (compared to macroservice architecture), and having new architecture. As such, I do not think that every company should not mindlessly jump on the MSA train, as for many of them it would only harm them. As I stated earlier, people will make MSA easier to use overtime so we should continue to keep our eyes on the development of MSA, and attempt to adopt it as best we can.
